docs: refactor kubernetes documentation (#1385)
hetznercloud/csi-driver: docs/kubernetes/guides/troubleshooting.md

in this repository.

```bash
# Controller (provisioning, attaching, resizing, Hetzner Cloud API calls)
kubectl logs -n kube-system -l app.kubernetes.io/name=hcloud-csi,app.kubernetes.io/component=controller \
  -c hcloud-csi-driver

# Node (formatting and mounting on a specific node)
kubectl logs -n kube-system -l app.kubernetes.io/name=hcloud-csi,app.kubernetes.io/component=node \
  -c hcloud-csi-driver --prefix
```

To watch a specific node's logs, find the pod scheduled on that node first:

```bash
kubectl get pods -n kube-system -l app.kubernetes.io/component=node -o wide
```

### Inspect the affected object

Kubernetes records most provisioning and mounting problems as Events on the PersistentVolumeClaim or the Pod:

```bash
kubectl describe pvc <PVC-NAME>
kubectl describe pod <POD-NAME>
```

Look at the `Events` section at the bottom of the output.

## PersistentVolumeClaim is stuck in `Pending`

A PVC that never leaves `Pending` means the **controller** could not provision a volume. Check the PVC events first (`kubectl describe pvc <PVC-NAME>`) and the controller logs.

### Missing or invalid API token

> The controller needs a Hetzner Cloud API token to create volumes. By default it reads a secret named `hcloud` with a key `token` (see the [Quickstart](quickstart.md)). The token must have **read & write** permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The controller needs a Hetzner Cloud API token to create volumes. By default it reads a secret named `hcloud` with a key `token` (see the [Quickstart](quickstart.md)). The token must have **read+write** permissions.
```

Same syntax as in the quick start guide.

## Pod is stuck in `ContainerCreating`

If the PVC is `Bound` but the Pod never starts, the volume could not be **attached or mounted** on the node. Check the Pod events (`kubectl describe pod <POD-NAME>`), the `controller` logs, and the `node` pod logs on that node.

### Volume and node are in different locations

Hetzner Cloud volumes are bound to a single location (e.g. `fsn1`, `nbg1`, `hel1`) and can only be attached to a server in the **same** location. If a Pod is scheduled onto a node in a different location than its volume, the attach fails.

The driver sets topology constraints to prevent this, but it can still happen when importing volumes or pinning Pods to specific nodes. Make sure `volumeBindingMode: WaitForFirstConsumer` is set on your StorageClass so the volume is created in the location where the Pod is scheduled.

See [Volume location](../reference/volume-location.md) for more details.

### Non-standard kubelet directory

Some Kubernetes distributions (k0s, MicroK8s, …) use a non-standard kubelet directory. If the driver is not configured for it, mounts silently fail with errors about missing paths.

> Set the Helm value `node.kubeletDir` to match your distribution. See [Alternative kubelet directory](alternative-kubelet-directory.md) for the known paths.

Reviewer: Is is maybe worth merging the extra/duplicate document in to this section?

Author: Agree, I merged it into the troubleshooting guide.

### No `node` pod on the target node

If the DaemonSet has no pod on the node where your Pod is scheduled, no mount can happen. This is usually caused by taints the DaemonSet does not tolerate, or by the node still starting up.

```bash
kubectl get pods -n kube-system -l app.kubernetes.io/component=node -o wide
```

Ensure the node is `Ready` and that the DaemonSet tolerates any custom taints on it.

## Volume resize has no effect

To grow a volume:

1. The StorageClass must have `allowVolumeExpansion: true`.
2. Increase `spec.resources.requests.storage` on the **PVC** (not the PV).

> The controller resizes the underlying Hetzner Cloud volume, and the filesystem is expanded the next time it is mounted. Watch the controller and node logs if the new size does not appear. Note that volumes can only be **grown**, never shrunk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The controller resizes the underlying Hetzner Cloud volume, and the filesystem is expanded the next time it is mounted. Watch the controller and node logs if the new size does not appear. Note that volumes can only **grow**, never shrink.
```
